Allow setting array values with lists. (#1507)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/1507.change.rst

Assigning a list to :attr:`cocotb.handle.NonHierarchyIndexableObject` is now done by iterating through sub-handles in left-to-right order.
Previously iteration used ``range(len(value))``.

> Getting :attr:`cocotb.handle.NonHierarchyIndexableObject.value` now returns a list in left-to-right range order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:attr:`cocotb.handle.NonHierarchyIndexableObject.value` is now a list in left-to-right range order.
```
And then the 3 lines above aren't needed
